Friends, this video is about what do you need to complete this AWS automation course.
So simply, you should have an AWS account.
And it is great if you have a free particle,
what are the advantages with free Tara code?
Then you should have some basic knowledge on AWS services and also Python.
So here I am proceeding with Python 3.4x.
So even if you how Python 2.2x knowledge, it's fine.
You can work with Python theoretic here.
And finally, you should have some basic knowledge on any Python.
Ideally, it may be PyCharm or atm or Sublime Text,
or at least VaR we emitter for command line.
So these are the minimum requirements you should have before starting this course.
Thank you.